Add troubleshooting guide for ProvisioningRequest (#2255)
kubernetes-sigs/kueue: site/content/en/docs/tasks/troubleshooting/troubleshooting_provreq.md

---
title: "Troubleshooting Provisioning Request"
date: 2024-05-20
weight: 3
description: >
  Troubleshooting the status of a Provisioning Request
---

> This document helps you troubleshoot ProvisioningRequests which is an API defined by [Cluster Autoscaler](https://github.com/kubernetes/autoscaler/blob/4872bddce2bcc5b4a5f6a3d569111c11b8a2baf4/cluster-autoscaler/provisioningrequest/apis/autoscaling.x-k8s.io/v1beta1/types.go#L41).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document helps you troubleshoot ProvisioningRequests, which is an API defined by [Cluster Autoscaler](https://github.com/kubernetes/autoscaler/blob/4872bddce2bcc5b4a5f6a3d569111c11b8a2baf4/cluster-autoscaler/provisioningrequest/apis/autoscaling.x-k8s.io/v1beta1/types.go#L41).
```

> This doc is about troubleshooting ProvisioningRequests, an API defined by [Cluster Autoscaler](https://github.com/kubernetes/autoscaler/blob/4872bddce2bcc5b4a5f6a3d569111c11b8a2baf4/cluster-autoscaler/provisioningrequest/apis/autoscaling.x-k8s.io/v1beta1/types.go#L41).
> 
> See the details about  Provisioning Request[here](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/provisioningrequest).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This document helps you troubleshoot ProvisioningRequests which is an API defined by [Cluster Autoscaler](https://github.com/kubernetes/autoscaler/blob/4872bddce2bcc5b4a5f6a3d569111c11b8a2baf4/cluster-autoscaler/provisioningrequest/apis/autoscaling.x-k8s.io/v1beta1/types.go#L41).

You can see the Provisioning Request [documentation](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/provisioningrequest).
```

> See the details about  Provisioning Request[here](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/provisioningrequest).

Author: Fixed

> You can see the Provisioning Request [documentation](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/provisioningrequest).

Reviewer: Remove this line

Author: Fixed

> Provisioning Requests are created in Kueue with [Provisioning Admission Check Controller](/docs/admission-check-controllers/provisioning/), and are treated by Kueue like an [Admission Check](/docs/concepts/admission_check/). It means Provisioning Requests needs to succeed for a Workload to be admitted.

Author: Fixed

> Provisioning Requests are created in Kueue with [Provisioning Admission Check Controller](/docs/admission-check-controllers/provisioning/), and are treated by Kueue like an [Admission Check](/docs/concepts/admission_check/). It means Provisioning Requests needs to succeed for a Workload to be admitted.

Reviewer: Can you also address the second part of my comment?

> Provisioning Requests are created in Kueue with [Provisioning Admission Check Controller](/docs/admission-check-controllers/provisioning/), and are treated by Kueue like an [Admission Check](/docs/concepts/admission_check/). It means Provisioning Requests needs to succeed for a Workload to be admitted.

Author: Fixed

## Before you begin

> Before you begin troubleshooting make sure your cluster meets the following requirements:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you begin troubleshooting, make sure your cluster meets the following requirements:
```

Author: Thanks for spotting that, fixed!

> - Your cluster's version is at least 1.28.3-gke.1098000 with the Cluster Autoscaler at least 28.122.0

Author: Thanks, fixed

> - Kueue's version is at least 0.5.0

Reviewer 3: There were few patch releases, maybe worth mention the last patch release?

Author: Fixed

- You have enabled the `ProvisioningACC` in [the feature gates configuration](/docs/installation/#change-the-feature-gates-configuration)

> - Your node group enables it. It may vary depending on your cloud provider.

Reviewer 3: What does mean `Your node group enables it`?

Author: Fixed

## Provisioning Request's state

> You can run a following command to see a brief state of a Provisioning Request (and other Admission Checks) in the `Admission Checks` field of the Workload's Status.

Reviewer 2: nit: "You can run the following.."

> You can run a following command to see a brief state of a Provisioning Request (and other Admission Checks) in the `Admission Checks` field of the Workload's Status.

Author: Fixed

> You can run a following command to see a brief state of a Provisioning Request (and other Admission Checks) in the `Admission Checks` field of the Workload's Status.

Author: Fixed

```bash
kubectl describe workload WORKLOAD_NAME
```

> Kueue adds the annotation `cluster-autoscaler.kubernetes.io/consume-provisioning-request` with Provisionig Request's name as a value, which allows identifying a corresponding Provisioning Request to your Workload. You can find this annotation in Workload's Status in the `Admission Checks` field.

Reviewer 3: This annotation is going to be deprecated (however Kueue still need to support it) 
See: https://github.com/kubernetes/autoscaler/issues/6852

Author: Are you suggesting replacing it with `autoscaling.x-k8s.io/consume-provisioning-request`?

Reviewer 3: Let's leave as it is for now, because this is current behavior, and update this section later

Author: Okay, I will keep this in mind. Thank you

> Kueue adds the annotation `cluster-autoscaler.kubernetes.io/consume-provisioning-request` with Provisionig Request's name as a value, which allows identifying a corresponding Provisioning Request to your Workload. You can find this annotation in Workload's Status in the `Admission Checks` field.

Author: Fixed

> One of the reason your job is not running is that ProvisioningRequest is waiting to be provisioned. To find out if this is the case you can view Provisioning Request's state by running the following command:

Reviewer 3: In the beginning of the paragraph you suggest to check state of a Provisioning Request running `kubectl describe workload` and here you suggest run `kubectl get provisioningrequest`. 

Probably you the `kubectl describe workload` is aimed to find if the ProvReq was created and what the name of it and see short info.

I would put this paragraph in the begening of the section, then info about annotation and then commands `describe workload`, `get provreq` etc.
Also, could  you add an example of output of the command?

Author: Thank you, please take a look if the changes align with your idea

Reviewer 3: All good, thank you!

> One of the reason your job is not running is that ProvisioningRequest is waiting to be provisioned. To find out if this is the case you can view Provisioning Request's state by running the following command:

Author: Fixed

> One of the reason your job is not running is that ProvisioningRequest is waiting to be provisioned. To find out if this is the case you can view Provisioning Request's state by running the following command:

Author: Added!

```bash
kubectl get provisioningrequest PROVISIONING_REQUEST_NAME
```

and more detailed version with a command:

```bash
kubectl describe provisioningrequest PROVISIONING_REQUEST_NAME
```

Provisioning Request state is described in its Status in the `Conditions` field.  it means it still being processed by the Cluster Autoscaler. Otherwise it falls into one the states listed below:
- Accepted - indicates that the ProvisioningRequest was accepted by ClusterAutoscaler, so ClusterAutoscaler will attempt to provision the nodes for it.

> - Provisioned -  indicates that the ProvisioningRequest had Provisioned condition before and capacity reservation time is expired.

Reviewer 3: Wrong description for `Provisioned`

Author: Thanks, fixed

> - Provisioned - indicates that all of the requested resources were created and are available in the cluster. Cluster Autoscaler will set this condition when the VM creation finishes successfully.
> - Failed - indicates that it is impossible to obtain resources to fulfill this ProvisioningRequest.	Condition Reason and Message will contain more details about what failed.
> - BookingExpired - indicates that the ProvisioningRequest had Provisioned condition before and capacity reservation time is expired.
> - CapacityRevoked - indicates that requested resources are not longer valid.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- `Provisioned` - indicates that all of the requested resources were created and are available in the cluster. Cluster Autoscaler will set this condition when the VM creation finishes successfully.
- `Failed` - indicates that it is impossible to obtain resources to fulfill this ProvisioningRequest.	Condition Reason and Message will contain more details about what failed.
- `BookingExpired` - indicates that the ProvisioningRequest had `Provisioned` condition before and capacity reservation time is expired.
- `CapacityRevoked` - indicates that requested resources are no longer valid.
```

Author: Fixed

The states transitions are as follow:

![Provisioning Request's states](/images/prov-req-states.svg)

## Provisioning Request is not created by Kueue

If your job does not create a corresponding Provisioning Request try checking following requirements:

### Ensure the Kueue's controller manager enables the `ProvisioningACC` feature gate

Run a following command to check whether your Kueue's controller manager enables the `ProvisioningACC` feature gate:

```bash
kubectl describe pod -n kueue-system kueue-controller-manager-

> ```

Reviewer 4: Could you mention the deployment instead of Pods?

Author: Fixed

The args for kueue container should be similar to this:

```bash
    ...
    Args:
      --config=/controller_manager_config.yaml
      --zap-log-level=2
      --feature-gates=ProvisioningACC=true
```

### Ensure the ClusterQueue and the LocalQueue are active

> 
> For details see our other [troubleshooting guide](/docs/tasks/troubleshooting/troubleshooting_queues/)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
You can check the state of ClusterQueues and LocalQueues if the queues are ready for the Workloads.
Please see the [Troubleshooting Queues](/docs/tasks/troubleshooting/troubleshooting_queues/) for more details.
```

### Ensure the Admission Check is active

To check if the Admission Check your job uses is active run the following command:

```bash
kubectl describe admissionchecks ADMISSIONCHECK_NAME
```

The status of the Admission Check should be similar to:

```bash
...
Status:
  Conditions:
    Last Transition Time:  2024-03-08T11:44:53Z
    Message:               The admission check is active
    Reason:                Active
    Status:                True
    Type:                  Active

> ```

Reviewer 3: What if all of steps above works but still no ProvReq? 
Maybe worth to file a bug in the repo or ask in slack?

Author: Fixed

---
title: "Troubleshooting Provisioning Request in Kueue"
date: 2024-05-20
weight: 3
description: >
  Troubleshooting the status of a Provisioning Request in Kueue
---

This document helps you troubleshoot ProvisioningRequests, an API defined by [Cluster Autoscaler](https://github.com/kubernetes/autoscaler/blob/4872bddce2bcc5b4a5f6a3d569111c11b8a2baf4/cluster-autoscaler/provisioningrequest/apis/autoscaling.x-k8s.io/v1beta1/types.go#L41).

Kueue creates ProvisioningRequests via the [Provisioning Admission Check Controller](/docs/admission-check-controllers/provisioning/), and treats them like an [Admission Check](/docs/concepts/admission_check/). In order for Kueue to admit a Workload, the ProvisioningRequest created for it needs to succeed.

## Before you begin

Before you begin troubleshooting make sure your cluster meets the following requirements:

> - Check your cloud provider's documentation to determine the minimum versions that support ProvisioningRequest. If you use GKE, your cluster's version should be at least `1.28.3-gke.1098000` with the Cluster Autoscaler at least `28.122.0`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Your cluster has ClusterAutoscaler enabled and ClusterAutoscaler supports ProvisioningRequest API. 
Check your cloud provider's documentation to determine the minimum versions that support ProvisioningRequest. If you use GKE, your cluster's version should be at least `1.28.3-gke.1098000`.
```

Reviewer 3: In GKE you can't specify Cluster Autoscaler version since it's managed by GKE.

- Kueue's version is at least `0.5.3`
- You have enabled the `ProvisioningACC` in [the feature gates configuration](/docs/installation/#change-the-feature-gates-configuration)

> - You use a type of nodes that support ProvisioningRequest. It may vary depending on your cloud provider.

Reviewer 3: Let's put it as second point, since it's related to `cluster supports ProvisioningRequest`

Author: Done

```bash
kubectl describe provisioningrequest PROVISIONING_REQUEST_NAME
```

If you ProvisioningRequest fails to provision nodes, the error output may look similar to this:
```bash
[...]
Status:
  Conditions:
    Last Transition Time:  2024-05-22T13:04:54Z
    Message:               Provisioning Request wasn't accepted.
    Observed Generation:   1
    Reason:                NotAccepted
    Status:                False
    Type:                  Accepted
    Last Transition Time:  2024-05-22T13:04:54Z
    Message:               Provisioning Request wasn't provisioned.
    Observed Generation:   1
    Reason:                NotProvisioned
    Status:                False
    Type:                  Provisioned
    Last Transition Time:  2024-05-22T13:06:49Z
    Message:               max cluster limit reached, nodepools out of resources: default-nodepool (cpu, memory)
    Observed Generation:   1
    Reason:                OutOfResources
    Status:                True
    Type:                  Failed
```

Note that the `Reason` and `Message` values for `Failed` condition may differ from your output, depending on an error.

> Provisioning Request state is described in the `.conditions[*].status` field.  it means it is still being processed by the Cluster Autoscaler. Otherwise it falls into one the states listed below:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Provisioning Request state is described in the `.conditions[*].status` field.  Empty field means ProvisinongRequest is still being processed by the Cluster Autoscaler. Otherwise it falls into one the states listed below:
```

- `Accepted` - indicates that the ProvisioningRequest was accepted by ClusterAutoscaler, so ClusterAutoscaler will attempt to provision the nodes for it.
- `Provisioned` - indicates that all of the requested resources were created and are available in the cluster. Cluster Autoscaler will set this condition when the VM creation finishes successfully.
- `Failed` - indicates that it is impossible to obtain resources to fulfill this ProvisioningRequest.	Condition Reason and Message will contain more details about what failed.
- `BookingExpired` - indicates that the ProvisioningRequest had Provisioned condition before and capacity reservation time is expired.
- `CapacityRevoked` - indicates that requested resources are not longer valid.

The states transitions are as follow:

![Provisioning Request's states](/images/prov-req-states.svg)

> ## Why a Provisioning Request is not created?

Reviewer 3: we can add: ensure ClusterAutoscaler version supports ProvisioningRequest API.
The OSS ClusterAutoscaler version that supports ProvReqs  (check-capacity class) is 1.30.1 + user should specify --enable-provisioning-requests=true flag.

weight: 3
description: >
  Troubleshooting the status of a Provisioning Request in Kueue
---

This document helps you troubleshoot ProvisioningRequests, an API defined by [ClusterAutoscaler](https://github.com/kubernetes/autoscaler/blob/4872bddce2bcc5b4a5f6a3d569111c11b8a2baf4/cluster-autoscaler/provisioningrequest/apis/autoscaling.x-k8s.io/v1beta1/types.go#L41).

Kueue creates ProvisioningRequests via the [Provisioning Admission Check Controller](/docs/admission-check-controllers/provisioning/), and treats them like an [Admission Check](/docs/concepts/admission_check/). In order for Kueue to admit a Workload, the ProvisioningRequest created for it needs to succeed.

## Before you begin

Before you begin troubleshooting, make sure your cluster meets the following requirements:
- Your cluster has ClusterAutoscaler enabled and ClusterAutoscaler supports ProvisioningRequest API.
Check your cloud provider's documentation to determine the minimum versions that support ProvisioningRequest. If you use GKE, your cluster's version should be at least `1.28.3-gke.1098000`.
- You use a type of nodes that support ProvisioningRequest. It may vary depending on your cloud provider.

> - Kueue's version is at least `0.5.3`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Kueue's version is `v0.5.3` or newer.
```

> - You have enabled the `ProvisioningACC` in [the feature gates configuration](/docs/installation/#change-the-feature-gates-configuration)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You have enabled the `ProvisioningACC` in [the feature gates configuration](/docs/installation/#change-the-feature-gates-configuration).
```

## Identifying the Provisioning Request for your job

See the [Troubleshooting Jobs guide](/docs/tasks/troubleshooting/troubleshooting_jobs/#identifying-the-workload-for-your-job), to learn how to identify the Workload for your job.

You can run the following command to see a brief state of a Provisioning Request (and other Admission Checks) in the `admissionChecks` field of the Workload's Status.

```bash
kubectl describe workload WORKLOAD_NAME
```

Kueue creates ProvisioningRequests using a naming pattern that helps you identify the corresponding request for your workload.

```
[NAME OF YOUR WORKLOAD]-[NAME OF THE ADMISSION CHECK]-[NUMBER OF RETRY]
```
e.g.
```bash
sample-job-2zcsb-57864-sample-admissioncheck-1
```

> When nodes for your job are provisioned, Kueue will also add the annotation `cluster-autoscaler.kubernetes.io/consume-provisioning-request` to the `.admissionChecks[*].podSetUpdate[*]` field in Workload's status. The value of this annotation is the Provisioning Request's name. The output of the `kubectl describe workload` command should look similar to this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When nodes for your job are provisioned, Kueue will also add the annotation `cluster-autoscaler.kubernetes.io/consume-provisioning-request` to the `.admissionChecks[*].podSetUpdate[*]` field in Workload's status. The value of this annotation is the Provisioning Request's name.

The output of the `kubectl describe workload` command should look similar to the following:
```

```bash
[...]
  Admission Checks:
    Last Transition Time:  2024-05-22T10:47:46Z
    Message:               Provisioning Request was successfully provisioned.
    Name:                  sample-admissioncheck
    Pod Set Updates:
      Annotations:
        cluster-autoscaler.kubernetes.io/consume-provisioning-request:  sample-job-2zcsb-57864-sample-admissioncheck-1
        cluster-autoscaler.kubernetes.io/provisioning-class-name:       queued-provisioning.gke.io
      Name:                                                             main
    State:                                                              Ready
```

## What is the current state of my Provisioning Request?

> One of the reason your job is not running is that ProvisioningRequest is waiting to be provisioned. To find out if this is the case you can view Provisioning Request's state by running the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of the reasons why your job is not running might be that ProvisioningRequest is waiting to be provisioned.
To find out if this is the case you can view Provisioning Request's state by running the following command:
```

```bash
kubectl get provisioningrequest PROVISIONING_REQUEST_NAME
```

> If this is the case, the output should look similar to this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this is the case, the output should look similar to the following:
```

```bash
NAME                                                 ACCEPTED   PROVISIONED   FAILED   AGE
sample-job-2zcsb-57864-sample-admissioncheck-1       True       False         False    20s
```

You can also view more detailed status of your ProvisioningRequest by running the following command:

```bash
kubectl describe provisioningrequest PROVISIONING_REQUEST_NAME
```

> If your ProvisioningRequest fails to provision nodes, the error output may look similar to this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your ProvisioningRequest fails to provision nodes, the error output may look similar to the following:
```

```bash
[...]
Status:
  Conditions:
    Last Transition Time:  2024-05-22T13:04:54Z
    Message:               Provisioning Request wasn't accepted.
    Observed Generation:   1
    Reason:                NotAccepted
    Status:                False
    Type:                  Accepted
    Last Transition Time:  2024-05-22T13:04:54Z
    Message:               Provisioning Request wasn't provisioned.
    Observed Generation:   1
    Reason:                NotProvisioned
    Status:                False
    Type:                  Provisioned
    Last Transition Time:  2024-05-22T13:06:49Z
    Message:               max cluster limit reached, nodepools out of resources: default-nodepool (cpu, memory)
    Observed Generation:   1
    Reason:                OutOfResources
    Status:                True
    Type:                  Failed
```

> Note that the `Reason` and `Message` values for `Failed` condition may differ from your output, depending on an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the `Reason` and `Message` values for `Failed` condition may differ from your output, depending on the
reason that prevented the provisioning.
```

> Provisioning Request state is described in the `.conditions[*].status` field. An empty field means ProvisinongRequest is still being processed by the ClusterAutoscaler. Otherwise, it falls into one the states listed below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Provisioning Request state is described in the `.conditions[*].status` field.
An empty field means ProvisinongRequest is still being processed by the ClusterAutoscaler.
Otherwise, it falls into one the states listed below:
```

- `Accepted` - indicates that the ProvisioningRequest was accepted by ClusterAutoscaler, so ClusterAutoscaler will attempt to provision the nodes for it.

> - `Provisioned` - indicates that all of the requested resources were created and are available in the cluster. Cluster Autoscaler will set this condition when the VM creation finishes successfully.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- `Provisioned` - indicates that all of the requested resources were created and are available in the cluster. ClusterAutoscaler will set this condition when the VM creation finishes successfully.
```

Let's use the technical term consistently. "ClusterAutoScaler" vs "Cluster Autoscaler"

> - `Failed` - indicates that it is impossible to obtain resources to fulfill this ProvisioningRequest.	Condition Reason and Message will contain more details about what failed.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- `Failed` - indicates that it is impossible to obtain resources to fulfill this ProvisioningRequest. Condition Reason and Message will contain more details about what failed.
```

- `BookingExpired` - indicates that the ProvisioningRequest had Provisioned condition before and capacity reservation time is expired.
- `CapacityRevoked` - indicates that requested resources are not longer valid.

The states transitions are as follow:

![Provisioning Request's states](/images/prov-req-states.svg)

## Why a Provisioning Request is not created?

> If your job does not create a corresponding Provisioning Request try checking following requirements:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If Kueue didn't create a Provisioning Request for your job, try checking the following requirements:
```

> ### Ensure the Kueue's controller manager enables the `ProvisioningACC` feature gate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### a. Ensure the Kueue's controller manager enables the `ProvisioningACC` feature gate
```

Run the following command to check whether your Kueue's controller manager has enabled the `ProvisioningACC` feature gate:

```bash
kubectl describe pod -n kueue-system kueue-controller-manager-
```

The args for kueue container should be similar to this:

```bash
    ...
    Args:
      --config=/controller_manager_config.yaml
      --zap-log-level=2
      --feature-gates=ProvisioningACC=true

> ```

Reviewer: Add a note that in v0.7.0 or newer, the feature is enabled by default.

Author: Fixed

> ### Ensure the ClusterQueue and the LocalQueue are active

Reviewer: More generally, users need to check whether the Workload has the QuotaReserved condition. If it doesn't, then they can follow troubleshooting_jobs to understand why.

Author: Fixed

You can check the state of ClusterQueues and LocalQueues if the queues are ready for the Workloads.
Please see the [Troubleshooting Queues](/docs/tasks/troubleshooting/troubleshooting_queues/) for more details.

### Ensure the Admission Check is active

> To check if the Admission Check your job uses is active run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To check if the Admission Check that your job uses is active run the following command:
```

```bash

> kubectl describe admissionchecks ADMISSIONCHECK_NAME

Reviewer: How do I get this name?
Explain that this is in the ClusterQueue spec.

Author: Fixed

- `Failed` - indicates that it is impossible to obtain resources to fulfill this ProvisioningRequest. Condition Reason and Message will contain more details about what failed.
- `BookingExpired` - indicates that the ProvisioningRequest had Provisioned condition before and capacity reservation time is expired.
- `CapacityRevoked` - indicates that requested resources are not longer valid.

The states transitions are as follow:

![Provisioning Request's states](/images/prov-req-states.svg)

## Why a Provisioning Request is not created?

If Kueue did not create a Provisioning Request for your job, try checking the following requirements:

### a. Ensure the Kueue's controller manager enables the `ProvisioningACC` feature gate

Run the following command to check whether your Kueue's controller manager has enabled the `ProvisioningACC` feature gate:

```bash
kubectl describe pod -n kueue-system kueue-controller-manager-
```

The arguments for Kueue container should be similar to the following:

```bash
    ...
    Args:
      --config=/controller_manager_config.yaml
      --zap-log-level=2
      --feature-gates=ProvisioningACC=true
```

> Please note for Kueue `v0.7.0` or newer the feature is enabled by default, so you may see different output.

Reviewer: Avoid "please" https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#use-simple-and-direct-language

Same recommendation in other places.

### b. Ensure your Workload has reserved quota

To check if your Workload has reserved quota in a ClusterQueue check your Workload's status by running the following command:

```bash
kubectl describe workload WORKLOAD_NAME
```

The output should be similar to the following:

```bash
[...]
Status:
  Conditions:
    Last Transition Time:  2024-05-22T10:26:40Z
    Message:               Quota reserved in ClusterQueue cluster-queue
    Observed Generation:   1
    Reason:                QuotaReserved
    Status:                True
    Type:                  QuotaReserved
```

If the output you get is similar to the following:

```bash
  Conditions:
    Last Transition Time:  2024-05-22T08:48:47Z
    Message:               couldn't assign flavors to pod set main: insufficient unused quota for memory in flavor default-flavor, 4396Mi more needed
    Observed Generation:   1
    Reason:                Pending
    Status:                False
    Type:                  QuotaReserved
```

> This means you do not have sufficient free capacity in your ClusterQueue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means you do not have sufficient free quota in your ClusterQueue.
```

> ### Ensure the Admission Check is active

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### b. Ensure the Admission Check is active
```

Reviewer: or c, I think
